welcome to the channel howdy howdy howdy
so who everybody on page and I wanted to
do a video about a Louisville results
day 2017 so I did maths further maths
physics and chemistry a-levels and I
thought my it sounds what okay but I was
really really nervous for results day
which was a few weeks ago now on the
17th of August I was really quite
nervous about my results because my
university place depended on them
I had my firm choice as the University
of Cambridge and my insurance choice as
Durham University and this was to study
Natural Sciences at both of them and it
would have been a mixture of physics
chemistry and maths these courses so my
Cambridge offer was pretty high as to be
expected I suppose from Cambridge
University that we're you know what else
I was hoping for maybe a unconditional
would have been nice you know whatever
my offer was a star in further maths and
a star a in physics and chemistry either
way around they didn't care about my
results in maths a-level they just
wanted me to complete the a-level
although this was probably because I did
six math modules last year in my last
year so five of those could go towards
my maths and I got string scores in them
they were heading towards the a story of
rules they thought they clearly felt I
didn't need to put that in my offer so
that was fine I just feel it was quite
hot so it's essentially it was three
stars they wanted from me my maths was
almost definitely in a star from last
year they wanted an a star and further
maps and an a star and physics or
chemistry I was thinking oh my god what
are they wanting from me so I wasn't
sure I was gonna make that and then my
offer for Dhamma room was a a in physics
and chemistry and a star a maths which I
had almost pretty much got from last
year and Dharam didn't ask for further
maths at
so that was okay I thought okay I might
be able to do that so dipping my clams
and one of my character exams went
pretty badly
like after when like I came up the exam
and I was like oh my god
I've ruined my life everything's done
I've got no future I'm done for
I just thought I'm gonna have miss my
dorm or file I honestly thought I might
have got B and you know I know Abby is
decent but when I was aiming for at
least an a preferably an a star cuz I've
definitely felt chemistry was stronger
than physics I need one of them nay
staff at Cambridge it was a bit worrying
in the days leading up to her so today I
was getting more and more nervous I was
literally torturing myself I was just
kept thinking about it and I really
shouldn't have done cuz it just made me
even more stressed about it I was
literally had just constant nervousness
it wasn't the healthy state but I just
kept like looking up online about
universities I was looking at the
clearing courses I was making note to
note phone numbers for clearing which
was probably quite useful they were
could you use in clearing I'd written
with their numbers down but I didn't
really want to go to them if i was
really honest myself and I was feeling
really stressed it was the day my
college were putting my results online
at 8 o'clock in the morning on results
day so I got up about 6:30 and shower
got myself dressed cuz I knew I might
have to go in and collect my paper copy
if things didn't go to plan and speak to
guidance people at college let's try and
make myself busy getting myself ready in
the morning my family rule locks they're
coming with me and so I've got results
yet and I was like no no not quite yet
my dad can't walk into the room but I've
got me have you got the MIT I was like
no no wait a second so my sister had a
bet going with me that we'd she'd give
me a hundred pounds if I didn't get in
and if I got in I'd pay her a hundred
pounds so there was some money resting
me on this as well it got to the point
where it's five to eight and I just
started Cleveland
freshing the page on my college website
like all their there are they there are
they there and then suddenly about eight
o'clock pretty much on the door it
refreshed and my results came off on
screen and I have my hands in front of
me like this like I couldn't look at it
and then what that can mean like oh my
god they're there I was like yes go away
I can't I can't look at them with you
here I was like edging my hands away and
I got a star in maths and a star in
further maths which I was incredibly
happy with oh well I worked really
really hard at my maths so I was really
really hoping for that and I got that
sounds really happy and then I got an A
in physics and an A in chemistry which I
thought okay that's okay I had missed my
cambridge offer as i needed an a star in
either physics or chemistry but in the
days leading up to results they I've
been quite pessimistic I didn't think I
was going to meet my offer I known my
exams hadn't gone as well as I'd hope
and at least I wasn't in clearing I'm
telling myself my family like have you
got them I was like yes I'm going to
Dharam it's okay so then I thought oh
quickly let's check you cast so I went
on to you cast which updated to eight as
well it had congratulations your place
at Durham University is confirmed if you
don't meet the conditions of your firm
choice
my firm choice Cambridge was still sure
as conditional so they hadn't yet
rejected me and I thought there is some
hope but obviously it's Cambridge they
are pretty tough on grades you know you
hear every year of people missing by a
few marks and they don't get in it's
it's hot I got an email from Cambridge
saying email your UMS and bra scores if
you are a near miss and I thought well
that's me I've missed by one great so I
thought right I need to go and collect
my raw scores and um aspirate
because they weren't on my webpage I
only had the letters on the webpage so I
had to go into college to get my
breakdown so I set off with my family
and car got to college for nine o'clock
because I live a little bit of a
distance from my college so took a bath
right there in the morning um I got the
Sports Hall that's the first one in to
get my results got my envelope and have
my maps um s on my break down my paper
coffee which I was pleased with I got
strong scores in math I was really happy
I've got my two a stars which I'd really
wanted so and that was good I looked at
my physics and chemistry which they
still didn't have to break down from
that I thought oh great because they're
the reformed a levels this year so they
were slightly different I hadn't got a s
for either of them all the exams were at
the end of the two year course
so I had to go up to a separate help
desk in my college where they gave me
the Mart breakdown and they were like
dog university place depend on this you
know I was like yes it does give me my
breakdown I was feeling really quite
stressed I mean I was I was polite don't
worry but you know stressed out I think
I feel like they understood though
because you know it's results day I went
to the OCR desk cuz I did OCR physics
and chemistry to get my breakdown I was
six
oh I think one was six and one was seven
marks off the a star in physics and
chemistry but I was about 20-something
marks into the a in both of them so I've
got two strong A's I mean I don't think
I wasn't that close to a star I don't
think I'm remark would have made any
difference at all but at least they was
strong aids and my math scores were
strong so I thought okay there's still a
chance because the typical offer for
Natural Sciences at Cambridge is to a
stars in an A and since I had got the to
a stars I thought okay what I've made
the typical offer my offer was
particularly harsh because it was
specifying subjects I had to get the a
stars in so I was thinking well maybe
there is a chance that I could
so again I was clinging on to the hope
because I've really had got my heart set
on Cambridge I had I'd looked around all
the universities and you know I'm sure I
would have gotten well at any university
I want to but I'd look around looked
around Cambridge and I really really
liked it I just could see myself there
so I scanned my UMS and Braille scores
breakdown and I sent them off to the
Cambridge admissions office at Jesus
College which was where I'd gotten off
before and then I got back in the car my
family started driving home I did pick
up forms for a remark but I decided at
that point that I didn't think it was
going to be worth it they've changed it
for it to like a review of marking or
something not a real actual remark this
year so if it was only like a 1 or 2
much change they weren't likely to
change it
I was thinking science and maths it's
not the same as humanities where you
might get different examiner's opinions
it's quite a set mark schemes are
thinking what are the odds of it really
so I didn't really consider the remark
at all really so I was in the car on the
way home and I thought okay I'll check
my email just in case I've got anything
back from them I'd rung up my auntie and
my grandparents have been waiting to
hear how I did know how I told them the
news that I was going to Durham I'd got
my grades and you know I was pleased
with it they less than they did they
tried to sound happy for me but I could
tell they're a little bit disappointed
what can you do you know I don't
understand how I mean it sounds stupid
actually looking back to be disappointed
with two ice dollars into aids but hey
hey you know what was a bit I was
checking my email and I got an automated
reply from Jesus College saying oh you
know we got your email it's busy they'll
get back to you at some point and then I
scored on sorry wait it's another email
and it was from Jenny good old Jenny the
admissions tutor
and she said the admissions tutor had
looked at my breakdown and was happy to
confirm my place on the course with my
grades I've got and so I literally I was
feeling so tearful my mom started crying
my family were like cheering in the car
it was quite embarrassing actually but
you know what I don't care because I was
literally throwing a party I'm just so
happy that my place at Jesus College to
study physical Natural Sciences for this
year it's confirmed oh yeah
and oh my god I just can't believe I
feel incredibly lucky that I've still
got my place even though I miss my
grades cuz I know it does not work out
that way for everyone so I run up my
auntie I wrote my grandparents it's
about half 9:00 at this point so I was
quite lucky and I found out really early
in the morning like the outcome of my
application I know there were some
people who had to wait till like the
next day or even later and yeah I would
not have liked to wait that long I would
have been feeling very stressed but even
longer so now my auntie was crying in
the office my grandparents very happy
yeah I know they were proud of me I'm
just literally
over the moon I can't believe it it's
just being my dream I just the course at
Cambridge just it just seemed perfect
for me and I'd been to the open day I
went to summer school last year and I
just loved it I just know that it was
the course for me and I literally can't
wait to start I go up at the end of
September lectures start at the start of
October which is only a few weeks go now
like a month away exciting times oh yeah
so I am going to document my time at
Cambridge I've decided to make videos
because I want to remember it Klein Oh
uni I mean I focus people who've already
been at uni they say it'll be a great
experience it's I know it's gonna be
hard work but I'm ready for it I'm ready
to catch up with everyone else actually
made their grades be great but now I
can't wait literally can't wait so yeah
that's all really so it was quite a
rollercoaster results day my GCSE one
was a lot less dramatic I must say but I
got through it I'm just excited for uni
now give the video and like or whatever
thumbs up but ever you cool it subscribe
down below and that's it from me
bye